What the hell?
That place summer and autumn old trees
When winter and spring fall, it is the place where the white tiger exercises
Nobita buries people there
Ghosts cannot enter the forbidden grass
Just wait for the ghost gun door to find you
Ah, grandpa, then you have to save me, save me
How to save
When I left, I made a point of not showing off
No matter what you do, you just don't listen.
Now it's in trouble.
Go in and stay
Grandpa Bing
You promised my father and mother before
Although you have to take care of me
What would you tell them if I died?
Your grandfather is not
Grandpa, you have been walking the rivers and lakes for so many years
What kind of strong winds and waves have you never seen?
You must have a way, right?
Wild spirits must also be lovers
I don't want to die
You stay in the shop
Wait for that scourge to come to you?
Wait for him to come to me
That's right, our chores are connected to yin and yang
After self-eating at night
It's all pigs over there
Remember if the person who comes wears yellow clothes
You give him what he wants
Brother, a pack of fragrant bamboo yellow clothes.